At any one time, what percentage of 5 to 16 year olds in the UK have a mental health problem?
A: 1%
B: 5%
C: 10%
D: 20%
Answer: C - 10%
HINT - I Suggest you choose C.
How many teenagers are believed to self-harm in the UK?
A: 1 in 15
B: 1 in 30
C: 1 in 50
D: 1 in 100
Answer: A - 1 in 15
HINT - Reports show that 1 in 15 teenagers self	harm but the true figure could be even higher
Which of these symptoms can happen if you’re depressed? 
A: Don’t feel hungry
B: Hungry all the time
C: Always tired
D: Any of above
Answer: D - any of the above
HINT - Symptoms of depression includes tiredness, mixed feelings, hunger and others.
Which of these are possible triggers for a psychotic episode? 
A: Taking drugs
B: Going to school
C: Going shopping
D: All of above
Answer: A - taking drugs
HINT - Recent research claimed that people using cannabis are 40% more likely than non-users to	suffer a psychotic illness such as schizophrenia
How many murders are committed in England & Wales in one year by people judged to be mentally ill?
A: 1555
B: 555
C: 55
D: 5
Answer: C - 55
HINT - Violence	can be a feature of mental illness and every year in England and Wales on average 55 people are	killed by persons judged to be mentally	ill.	
It is estimated that since 1985 suicide attempts by young men have... 
A: Fallen by 17%
B: Stayed the same
C: Risen by 70%
D: Risen by 170%
Answer: D - risen by 170%
HINT - Suicide is the second most common cause of death	among people under 35 and accounts for 1 in 5 of all deaths of young people.
Which of the following people has experienced serious mental health problems?
A: J K Rowling
B: Catherine Tate
C: Robbie Williams
D: All of above
Answer: D - all of the above
HINT - Many high profile and successful figures	in our communities and in the news have	mental health issues.Others include Ruby Wax, Steven Fry,WinstonChurchill	
Which of the following are considered to be real medical conditions?
A: Diabetes
B: Anxiety disorders
C: High blood pressure
D: All of above
Answer: D - all of the above.
HINT - Mental health issues and	illnesses are just as real as physical illnesses

